README.md, before:

![GitHub file size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/size/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-boilerplate/dist/CoCreate-boilerplate.min.js?label=minified%20size&style=for-the-badge) 
![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-boilerplate?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-boilerplate?style=for-the-badge) 
![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-boilerplate/help%20wanted?style=for-the-badge)

# CoCreate-cursors
A simple HTML5 and pure javascript component. Easy configuration using data-attributes and highly styleable.

![CoCreate](https://cdn.cocreate.app/logo.png)

[CoCreate Docs](https://cocreate.app/documentation/CoCreate-cursors)


We want this library to be community-driven, and CoCreate led. We need your help to realize this goal. To help make sure we are building the right things in the right order, we ask that you create [issues](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/Realtime_Admin_CRM_and_CMS/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/Realtime_Admin_CRM_and_CMS/pulls) or merely upvote or comment on existing issues or pull requests.

We appreciate your continued support, thank you!

# Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Announcements](#announcements)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [About](#about)
- [License](#license)

<a name="announcements"></a>
# Announcements

All updates to this library are documented in our [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) and [releases](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/releases). You may also subscribe to email for releases and breaking changes. 

<a name="roadmap"></a>
# Roadmap

If you are interested in the future direction of this project, please take a look at our open [issues](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/pulls). We would love to hear your feedback.


<a name="about"></a>
# About

CoCreate-cursors is guided and supported by the CoCreate Developer Experience Team.

Please Email the Developer Experience Team [here](mailto:develop@cocreate.app) in case of any queries.

CoCreate-cursors is maintained and funded by CoCreate. The names and logos for CoCreate are trademarks of CoCreate, LLC.

<a name="contribute"></a>
# How to Contribute

We encourage contribution to our libraries (you might even score some nifty swag), please see our [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for details.

# License
[The MIT License (MIT)](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Readme contributionmd and meta data update

README.md, after:

# CoCreate-cursors
Collaborative user cursor position for inputs, textarea's and contenteditable elements. Take it for a spin in our [playground!](https://cocreate.app/docs/cursors)

![GitHub file size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/size/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/dist/CoCreate-cursors.min.js?label=minified%20size&style=for-the-badge) 
![GitHub latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors?style=for-the-badge) 
![GitHub labels](https://img.shields.io/github/labels/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/help%20wanted?style=for-the-badge)

![CoCreate](https://cdn.cocreate.app/logo.png)

[CoCreate Docs](https://cocreate.app/docs/cursors)


We want this library to be community-driven, and CoCreate led. We need your help to realize this goal. To help make sure we are building the right things in the right order, we ask that you create [issues](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/Realtime_Admin_CRM_and_CMS/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/Realtime_Admin_CRM_and_CMS/pulls) or merely upvote or comment on existing issues or pull requests.

We appreciate your continued support, thank you!

# Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Announcements](#announcements)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [About](#about)
- [License](#license)

<a name="announcements"></a>
# Announcements

All updates to this library are documented in our [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) and [releases](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/releases). You may also subscribe to email for releases and breaking changes. 

<a name="roadmap"></a>
# Roadmap

If you are interested in the future direction of this project, please take a look at our open [issues](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/issues) and [pull requests](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/pulls). We would love to hear your feedback.


<a name="about"></a>
# About

CoCreate-cursors is guided and supported by the CoCreate Developer Experience Team.

Please Email the Developer Experience Team [here](mailto:develop@cocreate.app) in case of any queries.

CoCreate-cursors is maintained and funded by CoCreate. The names and logos for CoCreate are trademarks of CoCreate, LLC.

<a name="contribute"></a>
# How to Contribute

We encourage contribution to our libraries (you might even score some nifty swag), please see our [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide for details.

# License
[The MIT License (MIT)](https://github.com/CoCreate-app/CoCreate-cursors/blob/master/LICENSE)
